README.md, before:

# Participants

Melnyk Maryna, group 3

Mindiuk Viktoria, group 6

Malashchuk Ivanna, group 1

# Data questions (IMDB dataset)

1. How many films are in Ukrainian?
2. How many movies were released after 2010?
3. Which movies have the highest average rating?
4. How many movies have a rating below 5.0?
5. Which directors made the most films?
6. Which actors have starred in movies the most?
7. What genres are most common in movies?
8. How many series last more than 10 seasons?
9. Which movie lasts the longest?
10. How many movies are there in the drama genre?
11. How many films were shot in a certain region (eg USA, Ukraine)?
12. Which persons have only the profession of actor/actress?
13. Which directors have made the most films in the comedy genre?
14. Which countries are the largest producers of films by number of titles?
15. Who is an actor and a director at the same time?
16. Which movies have the most votes on IMDb?
17. Which actors are known for the most roles?
18. Which actors are known for the most titles?
19. How many series have ended by 2020?
20. Who has a casting director profession with three or more titles?
21. How many people have each combination of professions?
22. How many titles is each person known for?
23. How many people have multiple professions?
24. How versatile are people in their professions compared to others with similar number of titles?
25. What is each person's ranking within their primary profession based on number of titles?

Commit message:

add filter_different_titles function

README.md, after:

# Participants

Melnyk Maryna, group 3

Mindiuk Viktoria, group 6

Malashchuk Ivanna, group 1

# Data questions (IMDB dataset)

1. How many films are in Ukrainian?
2. What movies were released after 2010?
3. What records have different primary title and original title?
3. Which movies have the highest average rating?
4. How many movies have a rating below 5.0?
5. Which directors made the most films?
6. Which actors have starred in movies the most?
7. What genres are most common in movies?
8. How many series last more than 10 seasons?
9. Which movie lasts the longest?
10. What movies are in the drama genre?
11. How many films were shot in a certain region (eg USA, Ukraine)?
12. Which persons have only the profession of actor/actress?
13. Which directors have made the most films in the comedy genre?
14. Which countries are the largest producers of films by number of titles?
15. Who is an actor and a director at the same time?
16. Which movies have the most votes on IMDb?
17. Which actors are known for the most roles?
18. Which actors are known for the most titles?
19. How many series have ended by 2020?
20. Who has a casting director profession with three or more titles?
21. How many people have each combination of professions?
22. How many titles is each person known for?
23. How many people have multiple professions?
24. How versatile are people in their professions compared to others with similar number of titles?
25. What is each person's ranking within their primary profession based on number of titles?
